excuse me excuse me are you miss Axl
yes mine's working yes this is your
publisher sire the publisher think I
have writer's block doing hair and blood
I don't know how to kill that little
creep this is a story about a man named
Harold Crick Harold lived a life of
Solitude
he would walk home alone he would eat
alone when others minded fantasize about
their upcoming day hello how just
counted brush head all right you just
said Harold discounted brush strokes day
don't be involved anything flying up
moving spy woman's voice she's narrating
oh how old couldn't concentrate on his
work I can't think why we're talking do
you have a voice speaking to you about
me accurately then with a better
vocabulary
Harold found himself exasperated cursing
the heavens in futility
no I'm not a person you you stupid boy
so shut up and leave me laughs so you're
the young gentleman who called me by the
narrator the thing to determine
conclusively is whether you're in a
comedy or a tragedy have you met anyone
recently who might loathe the very core
of you I'm an IRS agent everyone anxious
well that sounds like a comedy
have you written anything new today
figured out how to kill how quick they
cooled it email but events have been set
in motion that would lead to his
imminent death
what why hello come on woman Karen
Eiffel one of my favorite offers all
right that's her that's the voice she's
been narrated Karen hi folks my name is
Harold Crick I believe you're writing a
story about me is this a joke you have
to understand that this isn't a story to
me it's my life I won't live need to
speak - Karen - I'm River Karen I'm
sorry I'm in a new book and she's going
to kill me how exciting is that
yeah
[Music]